this tasty Hungarian beef goulash slow
cooker recipe is load and go simple
instead of browning the beef
you simply coat it with spices make a
quick sauce and start your slow cooker
with less than a quarter of the sodium
of traditional recipes this recipe is
healthy too
first trim two pounds of cubed beef stew
meat such as boneless chuck roast to
reduce saturated fat and calories then
place the beef into a four quart or
larger slow cooker
next crush two teaspoons of caraway
seeds with a mortar and pestle or use
the bottom of a heavy saucepan pour them
into a small bowl add one and a half to
two tablespoons of sweet or hot paprika
1/4 teaspoon of salt and freshly ground
pepper to taste stir the spices together
sprinkle the spices over the beef cubes
and stir well to coat the beef now we'll
add a large chopped onion and 1 small
chopped red bell pepper
next into a medium saucepan over high
heat at a 14 ounce can of diced tomatoes
a 14-ounce can of reduced sodium beef
broth to help keep the salt in this
recipe lower 1 teaspoon of
Worcestershire sauce and 3 cloves of
minced garlic stir and bring the liquid
to a simmer then pour it over the beef
and vegetables in the slow cooker place
2 bay leaves on top stir everything well
and cover the slow cooker cook on low
for 7 to 7 and a half hours or on high
for 4 to 4 and a half hours until the
beef is very tender
once the stew is cooked discard the bay
leaves skim any visible fat from the
surface to cut the fat and calories mix
1 tablespoon of cornstarch with 2
tablespoons of water in a small bowl
then stir it into the stew
cook the stew on high for 10 to 15
minutes longer making sure to stir it
two or three times until the sauce is
thickened this healthy Hungarian beef
goulash is delicious served over
whole-wheat egg noodles potato gnocchi
or spaetzle just before serving sprinkle
with chopped fresh parsley to add a
beautiful green accent find this recipe
and more healthy recipes on eating
welcome